# Setup
1. Preheat oven to 450 F. Clear away the dishpit (living room table), the bread station, clear/wipe the counters, get everything nice and shiny and ready to work. 
1. Two cutting boards. Gather and neatly arrange the many cambros and delis you will need. 
1. Corner Cook: tray out your chicken on the stovetop. Wash stockpot, clean out sink. Measure out spice mix. Gather marinaded potatoes, cabbage. 
1. Counter Cook: gather onions, garlic/ginger, cauliflower, peppers. Set up food processor, get a rubber spat. Begin veg prep. 
# Chicken and Veg Prep
1. Corner Cook: set a 30-minute timer on chicken. It’s done when the skin begins to crisp, and a good deal of fat has rendered. It can be partly raw at the center still. We’ll finish it in the broth later. In the meantime, help Counter Cook get veg prep out of the way. When the chicken is finished, pour the fat into a stainless steel bowl, and place the trays on towels in the garage fridge to cool. Once the chicken has cooled, pick it. Separate meat, skins, and bones into three containers. Put the bones in the bone container. With a rubber spatula, scrape the remaining drippings and bits off the sheet trays and into a separate deli. Then roughly dice the picked chicken, and transfer it to another container. Finally, arrange the skins on the trays (no need to wash them beforehand) and roast them at 450 degrees for about 10-20 minutes. The lower the rack, the faster they will crisp. They will generate a good deal of smoke. When the skin is crispy, and just beginning to burn at the edges, it’s done. Remove the trays, pour off the last of the rendered fat into your fat bowl, and set aside the skins to cool. 
1. 1. When the vegetables are done, get a batch of rice going in the upstairs oven. See the [rice recipe](../rice/method) and mind your timers, please. While the rice is going, drain and rinse the chickpeas, get them into cambros, pop all the tomato cans, and shake and pop the coconut milk. Mix the coconut milk with the fortified chicken stock (see [stock recipe](../chicken-stock/method) for ratio). 
# The Actual Stew
1. Get the stockpots over the back left and front right burners, respectively. Set them over medium high heat and do something else for 3 minutes. When the metal is hot, add your oil, let it run around a little, and throw in your onions. They should sizzle, not spit. Feel free to throw in testers. When they’re in, heavy hand of salt.
1. After five or ten minutes or so, when the onions are fragrant and approaching translucence, crank the heat all the way up, and use a sturdy wooden spoon to clear an area on the bottom of the pot where you can throw your spices and ginger/garlic.
1. When the pan is very hot, throw in your spices and ginger/garlic. With the spoon, flatten them into the area you’ve cleared. You want them to burn. The smell should be powerful. Flatten them, and don’t touch them for 30 seconds or so. Then, turn them about, mix it up, and flatten them again. When they start to smoke, vigorously deglaze, and mix everything all around. Probably this will take a few goes. Use about a half cup of water at a time, if that, and pour it directly on the trouble spots. The final deglazed result should be saucy, but not wet. 
1. Add the potatoes, stir them around. Add the rendered fat. Add the tomatoes (and juice). Break up the tomatoes, bring it all up to a hard simmer, and taste. Season accordingly. It should be very aggressive at this stage, spice-wise. Simmer for 10 minutes.
1. Add chickpeas, chicken, cauliflower. Stir everything around. Add coconut chicken broth. Bring everything up to a boil, reduce to a simmer, taste, season accordingly. Remember, there will be a lot of acid at the very end, so that will be lacking here. 
1. When the broth is back at a simmer, add peppers. Simmer 30 minutes. Add cabbage. Simmer 5 more minutes. Taste, kill the heat. 
